	 What are you gonna do for a face when the baboon wants its booty back?
 	Go sit on a pine cone
	 Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
 	Your mind is on vacation, but your mouth is working overtime.
         On your mark, get set, go fu<k yourself!
 If you're gonna be two faced, honey, at least make one of them pretty.
 Keep talking...I'm diagnosing you.
 Keep talking, someday you might say something intelligent!
 You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
 I'd like to help you out. which way did you come in?
 You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
 You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
 Stupidity is not a crime yet, so you are free to go.
 If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
 You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
 May you always step on a wet spot after putting on fresh socks.
 You're not pretty enough to be that stupid.
 You're as sharp as a marble.
 You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
 I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
 Here's a tissue, you have a little piece of $h!t on your lips.
 Pew! Pew! Pew! That's the sound of me deflecting your whiny bishing with my happiness shield.
 You shouldn't act hard-to-get when you're already hard to like.
 If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
 Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
 If I were a bird, you would be the first person I'd poop on.
 I would like to leave you with one thought, but I'm not sure if you have anywhere to store it.
 I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
 I'm jealous of people that don't know you!
 You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
 I don't understand your specific kind of 'stupidity,' but I do admire your total commitment to it.
 If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
 You fear success, but you really have nothing to worry about.
 You're as Useful as a white crayon
 I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
 Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent.
 I may not be perfect, but at least I'm not you.
 Who ate your bowl of sunshine this morning, thundercloud?
 Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
 I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
 Somewhere out there, there's a tree working very hard to produce oxygen so that you can breathe. I think you should go and apologize to it.
 Brains aren't everything. In your case, they're nothing.
 Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
 Your face is just fine, but you'll have to put a bag over that personality.
 Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
 Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
 I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
 Sometimes, I wish I was deaf so your grammar wouldn't bother me so much.
 Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
 How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
 If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
 If you're going to act like a turd, go lay on the yard.
 Fart-Knocking Ding-Dong
 Okay, let me file what you just said under 'I couldn't care less'.
 Know your role, shut your hole!
 Here, let me wash the stupid right off of you. Oh wait, it's not coming off.
 Shock me, say something intelligent.
 Let's go to the zoo. I've always wanted to meet your family.
 Is your butt jealous of the amount of crap that just spewed out of your mouth?
 Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
 There is no vaccine against stupidity.
 Please cancel my subscription to your issues.
 There's no need to repeat yourself. I ignored you the first time.
 It's better to let someone think you are an idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
 You look like your father would be disappointed in you, if he had stayed around.
